Gwenevere Abriel: Hi.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tasks.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that means we get to do different kinds interventions, because you're not stuck in a car.
Gabriel: I was at a I had an off. I had an office, but there's an adjacent office with events and I just didn't, you know, didn't get too comfortable in there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. Okay.
Gabriel: Excellent. So I thought I'd just drive you. Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's not waste any time. Let's make the most out of all of our minutes that we've got here.
Gabriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Once you just think about, um, well I start to open up a note. You can be kind of thinking about whether your primary concerns in your life, have to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: triggers that happen on a day to day basis, maybe with a girlfriend or maybe it has more to do with recalling things from the past that seem to haunt you right there intruding
Gwenevere Abriel: In in dreams or they keep coming up and you don't want to think about him, or maybe they're about the future don't want this to happen. I'm so worried. This will happen. So check and see if your primary concerns have to do is present day every day triggers.
Gwenevere Abriel: The past intruding into your life or worry about the future, just take some time while I open up a note and just give that some thought. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something question.
Gabriel: Yeah, we're ready for that one.
curveball.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because this is your time. So just just have a nice slow rhythm of inquiry, where you decide the focus of today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you like to kind of start today.
Gabriel: Yeah, I'm an idea of
Gabriel: A few few things.
Gabriel: Come to mind.
Gabriel: Just, you know, a lot of things. I don't know if that that the
Gabriel: Triggers, but you know there are things that I think about almost on a daily basis.
Gabriel: Things with my relationship, obviously that's
Gabriel: A day to day thing I'm nursing school is another one that haunts me all the time you know that I didn't get a chance to finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's history and then it's also projecting into the future. Do you go to what would happen if I don't finish. Is that what you do with it.
Gabriel: Well then, and I imagine you know going back or if I should go back because I don't have that much time with on finished. I have three semesters. That's
Gabriel: Very, very closed and Marty and like the core of my degree and I had to give it a break, because my son was born.
Gabriel: And then again, you know,
Gabriel: I wasn't 100% on that. But I don't know I dream about it all the time. Dreams down back in school and
Wow.
Gabriel: Like all the time because it's been a goal of mine for so long and I spent so much time working on it and I just don't want to let it go.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gabriel: Especially when I don't have that much time to finish.
Gabriel: And then that ties in. So where do I see myself in the future and how
Gabriel: Stable, am I for what's to come.
Gabriel: You know you're tied into a lot of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So when you think in the future. The concepts of stability come up
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm currently dreaming about it all the time when it comes to nursing school you're wondering about the past. Did I make the right decision. I of course I did. But was this what I did I sign up for this. And what about the future. So that nursing school piece. That's a big one.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all over the place. That's the past it's here you're dreaming about you literally dreaming about it and you put it out back into the future. Why don't I finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to start there.
Gabriel: Yeah, we can talk about that, but I try to talk to Ashley about it, but I feel like she doesn't get it or like maybe she just blows it off because she knows she had something to do with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't matter.
Gabriel: No, no, no, I don't blame her. Because while during. It was just, it was difficult to do. We got to participate because she would accuse me of sleeping with my
Gabriel: Classmates and, you know, there'd be group activities and, you know, she would say, Oh, why do you have this first number read she actually she actually one time I got, I was I was assigned a project with a fellow classmates and she gave me her phone number and I don't, I'm not too sure but
Gabriel: I was. It was me the girl named Deseret another girl and another guy, and we were sitting doing our work at the hospital and one of the girls goes
Gabriel: Over the weekend, this girl. She's all she said over the weekend. Someone reached out to me and called me names and why am I giving my number out to guys and
Gabriel: That I'm such a whore. And is that when they're seeing school. It's for and then another girl in the class at. Oh, that's funny you say that because it happened to me too.
Gabriel: And I was like, really, although I was like, what did they say, and they were like, I don't remember exactly like what is new. It was actually because the way that I told her, was the same way that she presented a text. So I said, I actually did you say these people
Gabriel: And then she's like, No, no, I would never and then the it's funny because I talked to the girls and they're like,
Gabriel: And they're like, yeah, it's funny that that happened because the only person, the only guy that I gave my number out is you Gabriel and when we started this project. And I was like, hi. I was like, it has to be her Ashley and of course you will never admit it.
Gabriel: But you know, it's one thing and you know we'd get in arguments about enclose this isn't unlike my classmates, like I do, so that would always be an issue with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: You've told me this story before.
Gabriel: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But hold on to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice the invitation today is don't waste a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't waste any time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure you get what is in service to you today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is today, the need to feel validated like you're not going crazy.
Gabriel: I'm
Gabriel: I'm feeling feel like I'm going crazy.
Gabriel: But I'm not sure how I feel. I feel okay today.
Gabriel: Yesterday I felt kind of strange. Well, just because sometimes I'm away from my family a lot, you know, like I'm with them so much that now that I'm awaiting them and
Making sure
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know. Weird. You have to tell me what we
Gabriel: feel sad. What did I miss them. Tell me.
Gabriel: More my son in
Gabriel: Law, my son, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me what you miss about your son.
Gabriel: Um, it's holding him and
Gabriel: Him reaching out for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gabriel: I feel like he needs me there.
Gabriel: But I know that I'll see him tomorrow.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got some decisions to make.
Gabriel: Will only be able to
Attend
Gwenevere Abriel: And focus on on at least do a decent job of it. If we can pick one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just touch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to what comes up for you see maybe your body in your gut, maybe your chest might kind of inform which which thing which topic to focus on. I'm going to say some things maybe turn turn the eyes, the islands close and not be paying attention to what's coming through the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: And just listen to the invitation and see which one
Gwenevere Abriel: Is important enough to you as well as maybe urgent, see if there's an urgency.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the question is, would it be a waste of your time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do work and healing around
Gwenevere Abriel: Dropping out of nursing school
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to yourself tuning in Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to what registered as your truth inside
Gwenevere Abriel: And now let's also consider, would it be a good investment of your time to work through continued accusations of your cheating.
Gwenevere Abriel: Pay attention to your body. What registers important urgent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking in again on a third idea.
Gwenevere Abriel: stability for the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're missing your son missing holding him and seeing him reaching out for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Which one needs attention today with me working together so that you can feel how you want to feel about that topic.
Gabriel: I think the the first one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Nursing School
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, you're dreaming about it all the time. Okay, it's all over. It's about the past. It's about the present the future. It's all connected, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's amazing. That's, that's cool. And I'm interested to
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now I want you to picture just going in the past, just spend some time lingering with those past choices that were made. Maybe you were in nursing school how it felt to be studying
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing a practical if you had gotten that far, whatever the wording is for it just sort of be present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Everything nursing school
Gwenevere Abriel: Were you smiling and not imagery. Were you excited interested feeling smart, all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's the emotion you get when you summon up that imagery that nursing school time period.
Gabriel: When it comes to mind.
And emotion.
Gabriel: Um, I feel like I still get excited about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, excited. Cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: And back then.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're right, excited and kind of into it all that
Gwenevere Abriel: What was your belief about yourself. At that time, it might be hard to get to. But we're right here and we'll get there together.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think was making the decisions about how you prioritize and day what to do with your day. Well, I study. Will it go do this, you are operating from a belief about yourself at that time. Do you know what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: You'll know it from an I am if you finish the sentence, I am
Gabriel: Like how I felt when while I was in nursing school
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to be really careful about the word felt because in here. I use
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel for the body. And I use the word emotion for words like sad, angry, those are sort of that right. The amygdala response.
Gwenevere Abriel: sad, angry joy longing that
Gabriel: Missing
Gwenevere Abriel: Missing Your son, those are emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm asking you is an emotion question when you just now visited those images. Right. And I got you said I got excited. That's an emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm asking you to go to thoughts. I'm asking you to go now to that imagery and visit what you believe to be true about yourself back then and finish the sentence, I am
Gabriel: Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Two months much
Gwenevere Abriel: At all.
Gabriel: Because I don't feel the same way so
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me do my job. You don't have to do my job.
Gwenevere Abriel: You let you get to just respond, just whatever comes up. Let me do all the analysis you paying me for Medicaid is or whoever is let me do that part for you. Okay.
Gabriel: You don't have to do intelligent
Gabriel: Intelligent confident. Yes.
Gabriel: Capable
Gwenevere Abriel: I am intelligent confident capable
Gwenevere Abriel: Was it true, then
Gabriel: I felt
Gabriel: Confident. Yep.
Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: How true is I am intelligent confident and capable from one to seven. How true is it
Gabriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you remember the moment when you decided, I have to quit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where did you feel that in your body just now. As soon as you remembered it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how distressing. Is it to sit with that that memory now from zero to 100 how distressed, are you
Gabriel: I'm doing I'm trying to do with breathing exercises. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's do it together. I'll bring it down a little bit and then we can do some work with it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we're going to put that aside, knowing that you're in good care will pick them back up. If the distress level comes down. If not, we'll move on to something else. Okay, so first we're gonna yes
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing that imagery of the lion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bringing that protected imagery and then we're going to all guide you with some breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: feeling safe and calm. You can picture this lion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it is perhaps in between, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: As a nurse in a uniform
Gwenevere Abriel: And then also your uncle ray in LA, he's white beard uncle to go
Gwenevere Abriel: So my eyes, he just, he just knows
Gwenevere Abriel: And there's mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And between them. I believe is the lion.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or however your imagery works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really be present with it. I want you to see where you then again to interact with those qualities, with the lion.
With mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the wisdom of Uncle Hugo
Gwenevere Abriel: Just be present with it, let it in. It's not just next to you or near you let it saturate
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are a part of that quality you have that lion in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have that nurturing quality in you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have that wisdom.
Gwenevere Abriel: In you
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it be true and let it land in your body.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's any acceptance of that fact that you have those capabilities you have those qualities to
Gwenevere Abriel: And as you exhale let that be the last. Exhale, and then let's begin to breathe to live. Early in through the nose when you're ready.
Gwenevere Abriel: Filling the bottom without long, make sure as if you're filling it a balloon down there in your belly filling it right with that air. The bottom of along very nice let it out a nice comfortable one
Exhale, all of it out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold it out for maybe 321 let's inhale through the nose, creating that balloon in the belly.
Gwenevere Abriel: And let's hold it.
Gwenevere Abriel: In exhale. When you're ready, exhale it all out.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make it out, inhale through the nose, this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Make sure that belly gets nice and fall, fall because you're expanding along nice easy focusing very deliberately on that breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And holding in your imagery and imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when you're ready,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can come back to our discussion, but you do it on your terms.
Gwenevere Abriel: How you doing,
Gwenevere Abriel: Anymore feel like it's dropped
Gabriel: Yeah, like a 30
Gwenevere Abriel: So 3035 that's actually a useful place to actually have some meaningful change around. It's still relevant. Right. So we're still talking about something important.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's not so activating that all the cortisol is rushing over the hippocampus and you won't remember anything new from it. We want it to be sort of in that mid range. So using the skills right that you already have. You were wise enough to know on your own to use that breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: To bring that stress level down
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'd like to do
He really
Gwenevere Abriel: Does work it's science.
Gwenevere Abriel: We're just this little chemical experiment. We are. We humans. So what I'd like to do is do some positive networking kind of pulling in that imagery. You just did, and also
Gwenevere Abriel: Pull up that image that you that activated you to 70 but we're not going to put the negative thought which is going to do a positive one we're going to do those
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the protective the nurturing and the wise team. We're going to bring them in. Just curious. I'm going to see if it's changed at all. The last time you just did the imagery with those qualities. How did you picture interacting with them.
Gabriel: I didn't see them sitting there.
Gabriel: Looking at me.
Gabriel: Kind of like
Gabriel: Like
Gabriel: They're just standing side by side and we don't really interact
Gabriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm gonna do a little bit more with that then. So today's iteration. I'm going to be using the bilateral stimulation, but you're going to hear me probably talking while you're looking
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And feel free to
Gwenevere Abriel: Answer.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's fine. It doesn't do any harm. We're just going to do it slightly different. Okay, so, and it's going to be right around this this thing. You just did, which is I saw them. They were just sitting there stationary. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what I'm going to invite you to do is you're on a laptop right
Gabriel: Um no I left my iPad in Albuquerque.
Gabriel: Okay, so we'll do our cell phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go grab. If you've got a, like a shampoo bottles or something. Two of them beautiful right next to each other right on the outs on the outside of your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Good need to be about shoulder width apart. So take your shoulder width and move your hands forward and kind of drop them right in front of you. So they're right about there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then when I watch your eyes. I don't want to cause I strain. So I'm going to point to one of those cups and you look at it, look at the cup. You're looking at me. There we go. Good. Look at the other cup.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to look at me only the cup you'll kind of see the rhythm out of the corner periphery of your eye.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if there's a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Delay like just now. There was one, there was this little delay you keep with the same pace. It's very unlikely that during what I call an iteration. I'm going to change the tempo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you just continue left or right. Okay, until you hear me say let's
Gwenevere Abriel: inhale through the nose, and then exhale, it all out. And then I say,
What's coming up for you. OK.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, I'm interested in everything. I'm interested in your body. I'm interested in your thoughts, your beliefs that passed before you new images and emotions and try not to censor
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to know what's coming up. So it's going to inform what I do next. Okay, there's no no wrong way for you to do this wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all on me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Check in with your body. Real quick, make sure there's not a huge charge going on right now. Are you still in a relaxed body.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but maybe there might be a little bit of residual apprehension, because I told you we're still going to visit that day that you decided, I have to say goodbye to this nursing school right and might be still some some emotion around that so well you know have to talk about it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You get to just see what comes up. So you're going to be doing two things right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to pull up the WORST piece of it that worst image that you caught when you pull up that day that you had to make the decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: And at the same time, I want you to have your team at this point sitting there, just the way you had them.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if they change and they do other things I want to know about it. But right now, kind of do what you had just bring your awareness of the team worse picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And being present with the team. OK. And now I want you to look at the different cups back and forth at the pace that I said okay so looking over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And hold that. Worst Picture.
Gwenevere Abriel: And be present with your team.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want you to think if there's someone you want to ask a question of
Gwenevere Abriel: See if there's someone you want to ask a question of this sitting in one of those chairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, let's inhale together. Inhale.
Gwenevere Abriel: And exhale, it all out, letting it all go
Gwenevere Abriel: Just gently.
Gwenevere Abriel: To what comes up for you right now.
Gabriel: A feeling good.
Gabriel: Is it
Gwenevere Abriel: A sad feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Okay, so I'm feeling sad and what are you picturing right now.
Gabriel: It is like a picture, talking to my mom.
Gabriel: As, as I see you're standing in
Gabriel: A picture that
Gabriel: If she
Gabriel: If she thinks I'm a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, what does she say to that.
Gabriel: But I still feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: Gabriel
Gwenevere Abriel: We're gonna go with that you're doing okay hang in there. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hold that imagery, this is, this is going to be okay. You're going to be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to think of why you're
Protected figure
Gwenevere Abriel: I still think I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I'm a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's shift gears.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do a little different activity than that one. Okay, we're going to pull away from that one. I'm going to do something else. We're really lucky because you're in, you're in a room where we can do all kinds of different things. Okay.
Gabriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this is different to does take a little bit of logistics.
Gabriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: I think you're gonna like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Afterwards,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn, turn the phone down just a bit because I'm going to need to be able to see
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm assuming there's a bed and a chair. I'm going to need to see both seating arrangements, because I'm going to be wanting to do this with you. I'm going to be wanting to have you sit here and you'll be facing the bed. I'm assuming you don't have another chair in there. If you do, then
Gabriel: Put the other chair in the mode. Yeah, there's another train
Gwenevere Abriel: The ideal is this, you have a chair here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're going to need to see you in both so right here on screen sit in the other one so I can see if I'll be able to see you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey, nice. It's already set up. That's beautiful. Okay, now stand up from both of them stand back from them. And I want you to look at these two chairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to decide.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who
Gwenevere Abriel: Is sitting in the left chair, who is sitting in the right chair. Are you sitting
Gwenevere Abriel: In one of them and his mom and the other is that the question is that the conversation we need to have today around. I don't believe you. I don't believe you. Yes. Still, thank you think I'm a failure. You want mom in the left chair or the right gym.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, then you sit in the right one.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this takes some visualization just sort of picturing her there on us.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just picture her you know you had asked her, Do you, do you think I'm a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: And try and picture her face.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now this is different. We've never had this before we get to have this experience. Now, I'd like you to tell her your own style your own way of talking, find your own words, Gabriel, not one of yours words I kind of still don't believe your mom. But you find your own words and tell her.
Gabriel: It's not that
Gabriel: I don't believe her no
Gwenevere Abriel: We're not gonna talk
Gwenevere Abriel: She's right in the chair. This is a really different technique. Mom, it's not that I don't believe you.
Gabriel: I just feel like I am.
Gabriel: I know that you know one thing that I will failure.
Gabriel: I know that you know that I'm not a failure be successful and other thing that I still feel like I
Gwenevere Abriel: Switch chairs over there, you're going to be long for a second.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: DO YOU SEE HIM HURTING.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you, Mom, do you know what to do.
Gabriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does anyone know what to do to help your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: With his inner critic. He's been really hard on himself.
Gwenevere Abriel: But he doesn't. We're in this is the reality, who scan the landscape of resources, Mom.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who knows what to do to reassure your son.
Gwenevere Abriel: That he is capable confident and intelligent and he does not have to have a penny in his bank account. He could only have that shirt on his back.
Gwenevere Abriel: remind him of that truth is not using
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's switch back to me and you for a second. Go sit over there.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to see your mom and she just was unable right to to really help you out of that moment really look at her maybe seeing her for the first time she simply did not know how to help
Gwenevere Abriel: How do you feel emotionally around your mom that she did not know how to help you out of that negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Inner Critic that you get yourself into. How do you feel around that.
Gabriel: I feel like she's right.
Gabriel: Like I should not feel like you're, you're right.
Gabriel: I do need to find the strength within myself.
Gabriel: Because I have all those qualities already. I just need to read surface.
Gabriel: smart I am confident. I am intelligent
Gabriel: I just kind of lost my way
Gabriel: When I failed at something I was
Gabriel: SO CONFIDENT THAT I WOULD BE SUCCESSFUL IN
Gwenevere Abriel: Switch chairs.
Gwenevere Abriel: So mom when you heard your son say he failed at something. Do you understand what he's talking about sales.
Gabriel: Whoa wasn't, I wasn't
Gabriel: That you failed at something
Gabriel: It was you were unsuccessful at that time.
Gabriel: You know, just like
Gabriel: You know, many famous boxers in the in life. You know, it doesn't matter how many times they fall it's
Gabriel: How many times that you can get back up and continue the fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Man Have you seen him before when he's been knocked down. Can you remind him all the time.
Gwenevere Abriel: To remind him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Minded now.
Gabriel: Yeah yeah
Gabriel: Yeah, I remember when you were going through different breakups with different girls that you were in love with and
Gabriel: He thought it was the end of the world.
Gabriel: Or when you were unsuccessful at nursing, for the first time, because you wanted to. You thought you were smart enough to have a full time job and go to nursing school full time at the same time you got further than even this time.
Gabriel: He got back up and then he went back in again and you know slowly get back to where you want to be.
Gwenevere Abriel: Switch.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let that in Gabriel feel what she just said, feel it, let it in
Gwenevere Abriel: And he wants you to tell your mom how it feels to hear what she just reminded you of how does it feel to be reminded. Tell her mom.
Gabriel: Yeah, Mama. You're right. Yeah.
Gabriel: I guess these are things I've always known. I just need to remind myself.
Gabriel: What am I time
Gabriel: That even though falling down. I can get back
Gwenevere Abriel: And now when you look at your mom and she's had said to you earlier. You're not a failure.
Gwenevere Abriel: See if you believe her
Gabriel: Gonna do
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: Timing off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Perspective of expectation of
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell your mom about how excited you used to be when you're in school.
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gabriel: I was excited because my goal was to
Gabriel: Eventually, open up a little clinic.
Gabriel: And have a little practice somewhere.
Gabriel: That's what I wanted my life to go
Gabriel: And look at you like,
Gabriel: It seems like it's taking longer
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, it's taking longer look at your mom's face. This is what I wanted to, I wanted to open a clinic and have my own little practice and it's taking longer than I thought it would look at her face. She
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she look like does she say that
Gabriel: Take longer than others.
Gwenevere Abriel: You leave her
Gabriel: Yeah, I believe that myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: She has any doubt of her belief in you.
Gabriel: Know,
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's it like to be with that kind of unconditional
Confidence.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have anything left over a question or a statement to tell her a story to tell what's left in this conversation with mom.
Gabriel: Yep.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, switch seats.
Gwenevere Abriel: Seal that did you share your son, after all that he has this to give. And indeed, he returns it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And says I love you.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say back home.
Gabriel: Yeah, then you're gonna be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You may not know how all the little steps, but you will be okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Go sit there on the other side as Gabriel and take in what you heard
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice of a part of the rails against it, or wants to reject it, or if it's, yeah. That's the truth.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now moving into the mindset of future
Gwenevere Abriel: You to picture that this conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is something that maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Might be about your future and nursing school and see what comes up for you.
Gabriel: Nursing School in the future.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and your mom sitting there just play with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: See what comes up.
Gwenevere Abriel: WE WERE DIPPING INTO THE PAST. Now we're dipping into this hypothetical future playing with the future now.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's still sitting there this time you try on hypothetical
Gwenevere Abriel: What comes up.
Gabriel: I'm
Gabriel: Just a lot of things about you don't want to continue going to nursing school if I want to pursue something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's tell her and see what happens. We'll do a couple of back and forth on this and see what happens with it. So, just tell her I'm, I'm not sure. Let's just say
Gabriel: If I want to go to nursing school anymore. I just
Gabriel: Feel like it's something I have to finish.
Gwenevere Abriel: A switch
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to that mom.
Gabriel: The decision is yours, also for you either way.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is yours all supports either way.
Gabriel: Yeah, thank you.
Gabriel: Know,
Gwenevere Abriel: To tell me more about, I have to finish.
Gabriel: I just feel like I've invested all this time.
Gabriel: And
Gabriel: I don't want it to have gone away.
Gwenevere Abriel: So since
Gabriel: That something you're gonna have to decide.
Gabriel: Maybe you give it another shot.
Gabriel: Maybe in one sentence, what
Gabriel: You can redo the past and you must let the past go
Gabriel: And move forward.
Gabriel: And remind yourself that you are strong.
Gabriel: Confident individual
Gabriel: No matter what
Gwenevere Abriel: Sets.
Gabriel: Think I needed to hear that today. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really make sure it's completely
Gwenevere Abriel: Understood.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It will have been a waste of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: And resources, make sure that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Completely addressed.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say to mom about this old belief of
Gwenevere Abriel: How to finish what I start or have to think it's a waste.
Gwenevere Abriel: Real slow on this one.
This is hard. This
Gwenevere Abriel: Is not the only version.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of reality or is that, is there another way to look at time spent resource.
Gwenevere Abriel: knows more about that her you
Gabriel: time wasted.
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that you can't waste it. Does that come from that from you. Gabriel from mom from dad. Where's that come from. Do you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Scan uncle Hugo scan the lion, see if you can figure out where that doctrine right where that comes from. Once you start to finish. Otherwise, you have to think of it as a big ol wasting your time in finish it.
Gabriel: I think it's just something that I've always
Gwenevere Abriel: Asked him, do you recognize this from anywhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, we don't know till we get there.
Gwenevere Abriel: trust the process.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, one more, one more switch and see what happens.
Gabriel: Do you feel like you
Gabriel: Don't continue
Gwenevere Abriel: Shut up.
Gabriel: Makers.
Gabriel: You learned something while you were there.
Gabriel: And I know many people that have graduated and become nurses and go on to do other things.
Gabriel: Yeah, maybe you don't want to be a nurse anymore, you just feel like you have to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you want for your son, most of all,
Gabriel: To be happy.
Gabriel: And confident
Gabriel: Mind himself, but he's confident and smart. Yeah.
Gabriel: Just let that go.
Gabriel: Back to it. You come back to it. No, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: So look at your son and see see him. Do you see is not the same man he was when you started school
Gabriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Does he know he's changed.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell him what you see, you see the changes. This is a good time to remind him and then we'll end with this you know what you've changed. I remember you liked these things you cared about these things and now just remind them how he's changed.
Gabriel: You know you've gotten wider at the older you have a family now.
Gabriel: If you go out with your friends and used to getting a lot of trouble with the law.
Gabriel: And now you've gotten smarter.
Gabriel: You stay away from things because the arm.
Gabriel: You vacation, a lot more
Gabriel: You have better a better job than he did in the past and more meaningful job.
Gabriel: They trust you, they send you all over the country.
Gabriel: airplanes and
Gabriel: rental cars.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see as priorities have changed.
Gabriel: Yeah yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: And what ways. Let's take care more about
Gabriel: More about his family.
Gabriel: making them happy.
Gabriel: And there's something to be proud of. Yeah.
Gabriel: And that takes intelligence and confidence and
Gabriel: Strength to be able to get there.
Gabriel: And they keep the family together, which is very difficult.
Gabriel: You sacrifice a lot
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's come back to this real world here and out of imagination.
Gwenevere Abriel: Isn't that weird that that could be
Gabriel: Field effect you also yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now, when you go haha
Gwenevere Abriel: Your life is before you
Gwenevere Abriel: Were once, maybe there were some constraints to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you see that
Gwenevere Abriel: You have choice and it's both a privilege and a burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we're forced to do something, we may rail against it. But there's a part of us existentially that's grateful. We don't have to decide our future. It's one of those big existential right
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a God my questions freedom.
Is King
Gwenevere Abriel: But you have it nonetheless you do get to decide what you want to do. You're very fortunate that you get that. But it's hard.
Gabriel: I feel like I got a lot off my chest.
Gwenevere Abriel: People call it an emotional pound of flesh.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so, um, something came up while you were talking. I'm going to make a little note in your record, and we all invite you in the future to maybe revisit this concept that you brought up, which has to do with once I start something
Gwenevere Abriel: Once I invest in it. Once I sacrifice for it. I have to finish it. So I might want to revisit it again because it might show up in other places in your life.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll, we'll maybe I'll see it's always up to you. I bring things up. You can swatted away as an interesting or not important but I might bring it up again in the future. So let's schedule. Our next appointment. I feel like two weeks is working, unless you want to change something
Gabriel: To it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: March 11
Gabriel: March 11
It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Now, is their medication attached to today. Should I be messaging.
Gabriel: No, I have enough till Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh cool, then I will see you in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: You worked hard for that today.
I did.
Gabriel: All right.
Gabriel: Thank you.